welcome to slash forward
this episode is going to suck hard as we
look at attack of the giant leeches
if you enjoy fishing with dynamite try
subscribing to the channel instead
let's get to it we open in a boggy marsh
where the town pervert is doing some
nighttime rowing
looking for some soft mosses in which to
roll around naked on account of he likes
the way it makes his body feel but he
sees a strange critter in the murky
waters and gets to shoot
instead then we transition to a jazzy
country hoedown where
thick willy calls in his wife liz to
explain her music to his friends
instead she tells him to go blow himself
then lem busts in and starts in with a
crazy story about an epic battle he had
in a marsh
but they laugh him off willy tries to
smooth things over with liz but she
reminds him why she's in control and she
leaves with
no explanation because she owes him
nothing
back at the swamp the local game warden
steve is out on a hot date cutting
poacher's lines
the inherent danger in this activity
ends up paying off sexually they're
interrupted by a shriek in the night he
comes across liz and threatens to blow
her
face off for disrespecting the noise
ordinance the coroner declares the cause
of death to be misadventure which is
enough for the sheriff who doesn't
intend to look into it further but
steve's not satisfied and he works with
the doc about figuring what it might
have been
if it were an animal like what lem shot
up before what are they
and how many are there we then find liz
endeavoring to leave town which is
perfect for cal
who's been looking to engage in some
spicy cockle dream
pretty soon they're rolling around in
the muck getting dirty and talking about
their personal
problems unfortunately for them this
path is where willy goes lumbering at
night hoping to stumble across
young couples making love rather than
appreciating his wife's blooming
sexuality like a real man he marches
them through the swamp at gunpoint
cal tries to insist he was under the
influence of liz's feminine wiles
but willie's uncaring and he forces them
into the water to cool off
he eventually decides to let them out
but finds they belong to the leeches now
the sheriff assumes this all to be a
trick
and that willy actually murdered them
and is using the story to cover his
tracks
even though they wouldn't know anything
at all if he hadn't said something as a
couple of men from town go looking for
the bodies hoping to pick up a couple of
bucks we witness them get dragged back
to the lair where the leeches are
keeping all their victims alive
sucking them dry over time for
sustenance there's a search party for
the men who are not found and it's noted
there's also a conspicuous absence of
gators in the swamp
implying the possibility that a new apex
predator is taken over
steve tries to work this out with the
dock and ultimately decides to do some
diving to see what they can dredge up
but he has to wait on his gear like an
idiot in the meantime the dock gets the
job done by dynamiting the swamp
which disappoints steve because of the
recklessness but you can't argue with
results
and before long bodies start popping up
like turtles on the surface of the water
the dock informed steve that the bodies
were bloodless
and only recently deceased despite being
gone for several days in some cases
excited about the implications steve
hops up quickly showing off his vpl like
a bragger and is determined to go diving
for an underwater cave where liz might
still be alive
he and his buddy mike get their diving
gear on and as steve is [ __ ] around
with the leeches
liz bubbles up to the surface with her
saved they tag team the leech
and do what comes naturally to man
submitting nature to his will
through sheer aggression the movie ends
as they blow up the whole swamp to avoid
the loss of any more human life
another corman classic attack of the
giant leeches was corny as hell
but i think it represents an improvement
in the low budget creature features of
the time
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching